# Student-Job-Tracking-Database

**Introduction**
Student Job Tracking Database -mainly focuses on college students searching for Jobs, COOP, Internships or a prospective career growth opportunity. The portal would help students to navigate opportunities based on the type of Organization, Job profile/posting, Location etc.  Students can easily understand the skills required for a specific job posting by viewing an organization’s requirements and upgrade their required skills as listed in the description.  Our portal would also allow the students to easily track their applications by linking their profiles on professional platforms like on LinkedIn to analyze their own student profile which would help to identify the gaps and enhance the needed skills.

**Scope**
Every student will have an access to their own data. The scope of the project would be improved when it is maintained at a university or local region level to analyze the data and help students identify the most active job openings and hirings of any company in a particular location. This would also help the university to identify the most demanded skills to constantly update the underrated skills so as to update their courses, subjects and syllabus accordingly. The portal would also help by creating a linkbetween the Students and Advisors to provide an opportunity to gather valuable insight information. Another benefit of this would be that University can look at a student’s skills and contact them individually to guide and provide the required mentorship.
